Add advice to cite repository in `README.md` (#73)
atomec-project/atoMEC: README.md

- Ekaterina Tsvetoslavova Stankulova ([Center for Advanced Systems Understanding](https://www.casus.science/))

## Citing atoMEC
If you use code from this repository in a published work, please cite the DOI corresponding to the specific version of atoMEC that you used (DOIs are listed at [Zenodo.org](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5205718)).

> Furthermore we kindly ask you to cite also the following paper in publications which use atoMEC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If appropriate, you might also consider citing the following preprint in publications which use atoMEC:
```
Probably it's enough for most people just to cite the code, the preprint reference was there in the absence of a code reference. But there are some cases in which people ought to cite both so it's useful to keep the preprint ref in some form.
